Initial submission (#4)
slackapi/manifest-schema: README.md

# Manifest Schema

> This project contains publicly available json schemas that define slacks `manifest.json` file. JSON schemas can be used for a number of tasks but the purpose of this specific schema is to provide developers validation and prediction capabilities while editing `manifest.json` files in IDEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains publicly available JSON schemas that define Slack's [`manifest.json` file](https://api.slack.com/future/manifest). JSON schemas can be used for a number of tasks but the purpose of this specific schema is to provide developers validation and prediction capabilities while editing `manifest.json` files in IDEs.
```

**Guide Outline**:

> - [Manifest Schema](#manifest-schema)

Reviewer: I would add a Requirements section. What runtimes/languages/tooling do I need to run this project on my laptop? Looking at the scripts, seems like I need python/pip, as well as npx, so, which version of python should I have? Does this work with both Python 2.x as well as 3.x? Should I set up a virtual env to work in this project? Which version of node/npm/npx should I have?

Author: I've placed this information in the `.github/maintainers_guide.md`,

I put this information there since it should only be require by the maintainers of this project. Users of the schemas should not need to use this Python or Node. Python and Node are used to Lint, Format and Test the project.

>   - [Usage](#usage)

Reviewer: I would also add a "Running Tests" section that explains how to run the tests in the repo (so that if I am contributing or playing around with it, I have instructions to make sure the project is working as expected before/after I make any changes).

Author: I've placed the instructions of how to run the tests in the `.github/maintainers_guide.md` since they should not be used by users of the `schemas` they are mainly for the CI pipeline and the maintainers.

Let me know what you think

  - [Project Structure](#project-structure)
    - [`manifest.schema.json`](#manifestschemajson)
    - [`/schemas`](#schemas)
    - [`/tests`](#tests)
    - [`/scripts`](#scripts)
  - [Resources](#resources)

---

## Usage

> JSON schemas can be used for various tasks, the goal of this project is to provide a JSON schema that defines slacks `manifest.json` and provides validation and IntelliSense capabilities to developers editing `manifest.json` files in IDEs that support these features.

Reviewer: Think we can remove this line as it is a repeat of the introductory sentence.

Author: True this

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25348381/195903601-ab1e200a-53b0-470a-9374-bad8b93b35fd.gif" width="60%"/>

> To get these capabilities simply include the schema in a JSON file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To take advantage of intellisense / typeahead capabilities, include a `$schema` key at the top level of a JSON file and point it to the main JSON schema from this repo:
```

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slackapi/manifest-schema/main/manifest.schema.json",
  "_metadata":{
    "major_version": 2
  },
  "settings": { ... }
  ...
}
```

## Project Structure

> ### [`manifest.schema.json`](manifest.schema.json)

Reviewer: I don't think this header link links to anything.

Author: This links to the file in the project 😎

Reviewer: Ah yes derp
